very good to all welcome to a
new gifted video in which it will be
another guide and this guide deals with blogs
e iker how will you build blogs and iker and them
I will explain what the good is about
melee a carrier and a
excellent hunter especially hunting the
stands because they would be their prey more
easy and good as knowing your powers
okay now let's go with the first power
of blog seiquer which would be fury
bloody that affects the same hero and
it can also affect a hero
Allied this skill is magical
and if it crosses the immunity of spells
in itself what this skill is about
that by placing it in blocks and iker
grants 40% of the year plus and
25% life regeneration
kill the prey eg halal puig
I speak taker took a lot of life and top
is maximum is a year with his first
he heals what he has lost, it serves him very much
I speak taker because that's a good way
hunter the second power of blogs and iker
it is rite of blood this kind of hard damage
and does not go through the immunity of spells
that is to say with I fit I do not know that no
would have any effect with his second and
good in what the power consists is that
draw a circle which silences the
beings that are around him and if what
you combine well with your first power you can
get to heal the damage that you have
done for example if you give your first
sign to feel same and you put the circle and
at the moment of killing the enemy you are
healing everything you've lost and the
the same time you have silenced your enemies
thing that would be a very easy prey well
the third power of blood seiquer is to be
which is a passive ability that if
traverses the immunity of spells in
What this skill consists of is that
moment of falling an enemy hero with
very little life I know you will detect it by
missing his blood thing that will take him
directly towards him for example
Seiquer cloud has much more speed
being with being activated and it's easier
clear for him
thing that also activates its first
you can heal and kill the enemy
easily to think it from any
part of the map that is not that
you get to cure the room in time
be the last and blogging and that the
break this kind of pure damage and if
crosses the immunity spells by
example walks a wild hero walking
quietly by his side and block
Seiquer detects it so he activates his
sixth this makes the enemy eros
begins to bleed and thing that
when he walks he starts to bleed more
that makes the blog prey the kers
be much easier for him now
let's move on to how to arm blood seiquer
well we are here with the lord of the
store and the two courier to teach us
how to love blood shayk
first , power boots are recommended
vladimir to be able to heal if they are in
a battle
upset and pass it to relieve me to unite
and blood either with this will be
armed as hunters
professionals
then they can pass
rod of the king mono or radiance what
you want to with the hormone rod do not
will leave no guaranteed mixer
and with radiants they can burn their
objectives and they can be invisible or if
they are within a very far reach of you
which would also help them a lot
I recommend you sincerely radiance
and finally if there are many who have
many problems a lot of magic can
used fecal but if not then
they can use a butterfly to make them
giving my pure and never are they
hitting the punches I recommend them
butterfly and that's how I arm blood
shake I'm a fucking kim and that's how
Killer the active at his highest psuv million
and thing that with that has done everything
everyone will be able to attack him, they will be able to
all magic all but equal the lakers
will be creating wildly and good
it's all if you liked the video and you
He has done much to like Denle
subscribe for many more guides
gifted and new heroes see you later
I'm going
Look
to me